OIDC profile interceptor (#1129)
SAP/luigi: docs/authorization-configuration.md

- **accessTokenExpiringNotificationTime** is the number of seconds before an access token expires and triggers silent token refresh. The default value is `60` seconds.
- **thirdPartyCookiesScriptLocation** is the URL to the page containing third-party cookies support check. For details, see [Third-party cookies and silent token refresh section](#Third-party-cookies-and-silent-token-refresh).
- **userInfoFn** provides a function to get user information. It returns a promise of a **userinfo** object which can contain **name**, **email** and **picture** (value is a URL to the image). **Name** or **email** are displayed in the profile drop-down menu and the user’s profile picture is displayed in the top navigation.

> - **profileStorageInterceptorFn** provides a function to mutate the profile values of the [JSON Web Token (JWT)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON_Web_Token) before it gets stored in Luigi. It allows the removal of values like **email** to comply with data privacy restrictions. Since it is async, you could use it to enrich the profile data, but it should not get mixed up with **userInfoFn** which is specifically designed to define user information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **profileStorageInterceptorFn** provides a function to mutate the profile values of the [JSON Web Token (JWT)](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519) before it gets stored in Luigi. It allows the removal of values like **email** to comply with data privacy restrictions. Since it is async, you could use it to enrich the profile data, but it should not get mixed up with **userInfoFn** which is specifically designed to define user information.
```

The description looks good 🙂 One small point is I'm not sure if it's a good idea to use a Wikipedia link as it has a "bad reputation" since anyone can edit. At the same time there aren't many "official" sources to use... One I could find was: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519
